Folder Computation documentation needs update #7657 (#7694)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/pipeline/pipeline-as-code.adoc

_Snippet Generator_, you can create a Pipeline script as you might through the
dropdowns in other Jenkins jobs.

[[folder-computation]]

> == Multibranch pipeline and Organization Folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Multibranch Pipeline and Organization Folder
```
Pipeline should be capitalized here.

== Folder Computation

*Multibranch Pipeline* projects and *GitHub Organization Folders* extend Jenkins' folder functionality by introducing computed folders, which automatically manage their contents by dynamically creating and updating child items.
These features require the plugin:github-branch-source[*GitHub Branch Source*] plugin to be installed, as it provides the necessary functionality for managing branches and repositories.
 
* **Multibranch Pipeline Projects:** The computed folder functionality includes **Scan Multibranch Pipeline Log** and **Scan Multibranch Pipeline Now** options, which dynamically manage pipeline items. 
These options allow Jenkins to scan repositories, generate child items for eligible branches, and automatically update the pipeline list based on changes.

* **GitHub Organization Projects:** The computed folder functionality includes **Scan Organization Log** and **Scan Organization Now** options. 

> This functionality populated repositories as individual Multibranch Pipelines and provided insights into branch and repository scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality populates repositories as individual Multibranch Pipelines and provides insights into branch and repository scans.
```
Suggestion to make these present tense so that they match the previous sentence.
